XST(Cross site tracing):A Cross-Site Tracing (XST) attack involves the use of Cross-site Scripting (XSS) and the TRACE or TRACK HTTP methods. According to RFC 2616, "TRACE allows the client to see what is being received at the other end of the request chain and use that data for testing or diagnostic information.", the TRACK method works in the same way but is specific to Microsoft's IIS web server. XST could be used as a method to steal user's cookies via Cross-site Scripting (XSS) even if the cookie has the "HttpOnly" flag set and/or exposes the user's Authorization header.

HSTS (HTTP strict transport security) :HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) is a web security policy mechanism which helps to protect websites against protocol downgrade attacks and cookie hijacking.

Fuzz testing or Fuzzing is a Black Box software testing technique, which basically consists in finding implementation bugs using malformed/semi-malformed data injection in an automated fashion.

TLS: Transport Layer Security (TLS) and its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), both of which are frequently referred to as 'SSL', are cryptographic protocols that provide communications security over a computer network.[


HTTP Public Key Pinning (HPKP),[1] sometimes incorrectly known as certificate pinning, is a security mechanism which allows HTTPS websites to resist impersonation by attackers using mis-issued or otherwise fraudulent certificates.
For example, attackers might compromise a certificate authority, and then mis-issue certificates for a web origin. To combat this risk, the HTTPS web server serves a list of “pinned” public key hashes; on subsequent connections clients expect that server to use one or more of those public keys in its certificate chain.

CSP stands for Content Security Policy.
Is an W3C specification offering the possbility to instruct the client browser from which location and/or which type of resources are allowed to be loaded. To define a loading behavior, the CSP specification use "directive" where a directive defines a loading behavior for a target resource type.

